fix(scim): indicate that a team is required on SCIM user provisioning (#46)
ForestAdmin/documentation-user-guide: project-settings/security-tab/manual-scim-integration-with-okta.md

## Adding Forest Admin custom parameters

- permissionLevel (string): should match any of “Admin”, “Developer”, “Editor”, or “User”.

> - teams (`string`): comma separated list of names exactly matching a team name in the project. ex: `"Operator,Admin"`. This can be either filled in via a custom mapping rule or ignored if you are using Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- teams (`string`): comma separated list of names exactly matching a team name in the project. ex: `"Operators,Support"`. This should either be filled in via a custom mapping rule or ignored if you are using Groups.
```
